Go to the homepage: https://www.einpresswire.com/world-media-directory/

Extract all available country links listed on the page.
Visit each country’s media directory page systematically.
On each country page, locate all links inside <div class="sl-heading"> elements that point to detailed media outlet pages.
Open each collected detail page individually.
On each detail page, find the table with class <table class="simple full">.
Extract and store all data from this table, including:
Media name
Media type (e.g., Newspaper, TV, Radio, Internet, etc.)
Language
Location
Also extract:
Website section URLs (e.g., Front Page, Contact Page, etc.)
Contacts section data (Email, Phone number, etc.)
Ensure that all media types are included without filtering.
Compile the collected data into a structured JSON format, grouped by country.

Output format requirements:

Organize the data by country as the top-level keys.
Each country should contain a list of media outlets.
Each media outlet should include all extracted fields in a consistent schema.


--------------------

1 - a media_directory.json-ban keresse meg az orszagokat (peldaul "Algeria": [] vagy "Hungary": []) es mindegyiknek keszitsen egy uj json file-t az orszag nevevel kiveve a "United States"-et
2 - minden orszag alatti objectumban keresse meg a "detail_page_url" -t, es annak az erteket (peldaul "https://www.einpresswire.com/world-media-directory/detail/1873") nyissa meg
3 - a megnyitott link html kodjaban keresse meg a <section class="main"> section-t, es azon belul bedig a <table class="simple full"> table-table
4 - keresse meg az osszes th es td taget a table-ben, majd ezeket key-value pair-kent irja bele a hozza tartozo orszag json file-ba ujabb objektumon belulre (peldaul igy : "media_name": ""xyz, "media_type": "Internet",) a kapott adatokat
5 - amikor egy adott orszaggal vegzett es keszen van a json, akkor irjon ki egy '[orszag neve] adatgyujtes elkeszul...' uzenetet