1. The Paywall & Bot-Challenge Trap (WAF Interception)
The Scenario: Modern news sites use Web Application Firewalls (WAFs) like Cloudflare, DataDome, or Akamai. When your automated agent tries to fetch https://news-site.com/article, 
the WAF detects the bot. Instead of returning a 403 Forbidden, the WAF issues an HTTP 302 redirect to a challenge page (e.g., https://news-site.com/challenge?ray=... 
or https://news-site.com/paywall). The Flaw: If the agent follows the redirect and saves the final response.url, you end up saving the URL of the CAPTCHA or paywall page into 
your database instead of the actual news source. Mitigation: Do not automatically overwrite the user's input with the final resolved URL. Only save the final URL if it passes a 
strict structural validation against the original input.

2. Geo-IP Localization Redirects (i18n)
The Scenario: Your backend servers (or background agents) are hosted in a specific data center (e.g., AWS in Frankfurt or US-East). A user submits a link to a local Spanish news 
site: https://noticias.es. When your server fetches the site, the target server reads the IP address of your AWS machine, assumes the visitor is international, and forces a 
redirect to https://noticias.es/en or https://global.noticias.es. The Flaw: Your database is now storing the English/Global version of the site, which will serve the wrong 
RSS feeds to the user who explicitly wanted the local Spanish version. Mitigation: When fetching sources, pass the Accept-Language header that matches the user's preferred 
language, and be extremely cautious about saving URLs that append country or language codes /en/ dynamically.

3. Client-Side Routing (SPA) & Auth Walls
The Scenario: Many modern sites use Single Page Application (SPA) frameworks (like React or Vue). If your crawler uses a headless browser (like Puppeteer/Playwright) or evaluates 
JavaScript, it might hit a URL like https://premium-news.com/feed. The JavaScript executes, realizes the agent has no active session cookie, and uses 
window.location.replace('/login'). The Flaw: The agent captures /login as the final URL. Your database fills up with hundreds of identical login page URLs across different domains.
Mitigation: If using a headless browser, disable JavaScript for the initial discovery phase, or intercept and block navigation requests that target auth-related 
paths (/login, /register, /auth).

4. Parameterized URLs & "Soft 404s"
The Scenario: A user pastes a link they copied from Twitter: https://news.com/article?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social. The site itself might have deleted that article. 
Instead of returning a standard HTTP 404 error, the server returns an HTTP 200 (OK) but redirects the user to the homepage or a search page (https://news.com/search?q=article).
The Flaw: Because the server returned a 200 OK, your agent thinks the fetch was successful and saves the search results page or the URL bloated with tracking tags as a permanent 
news source. Mitigation: * URL Stripping: Always strip known tracking parameters (utm_*, fbclid, gclid) before running network requests. Soft 404 Detection: Check the <title> tag 
or <h1> of the returned HTML. If it contains "Not Found", "404", or "Search", discard the URL even if the HTTP status was 200.

5. Rogue Canonical Tags
The Scenario: To fix parameter bloat, developers often instruct their agents to read the <link rel="canonical" href="..."> tag from the HTML <head> and save that URL as the 
absolute source of truth. The Flaw: Canonical tags are notoriously misconfigured by site administrators. A production site might accidentally have a canonical tag pointing to 
their staging environment (https://staging.news.com/article) or an HTTP version (http://news.com). If your agent blindly trusts the canonical tag, it will mutate a perfectly good 
URL into a broken or insecure one. Mitigation: Treat canonical tags as "suggestions," not absolute truth. If a canonical tag changes the subdomain (e.g., to staging.) or 
downgrades the protocol (HTTPS to HTTP), ignore it.